Deprecate Application Connector's APIs (#8425)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/02-01-application-connector.md

## Connector Service

> >**CAUTION:** With the [Compass](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass) being target API for the Application Connectivity topics this component's API has been deprecated. For the information on how to install Compass and integrate with it please refer to the [guides](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/compass/#installation-enable-compass-in-kyma) or directly to the [GraphQL schema](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/components/director/pkg/graphql/schema.graphql). Backwards compatibility is being preserved via the introduction of [Connectivity Adapter](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/tree/master/components/connectivity-adapter). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION:** With [Compass](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass) being the target API for the Application Connectivity topics, this component's API has been deprecated. To learn how to install Compass and integrate with it, refer to the [Compass documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/compass/#installation-enable-compass-in-kyma) or to the [Director GraphQL schema](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/components/director/pkg/graphql/schema.graphql) directly. Backward compatibility is being preserved via the introduction of [Connectivity Adapter](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/tree/master/components/connectivity-adapter). 
```

## Application Registry

> >**CAUTION:** With the [Compass](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass) being target API for the Application Connectivity topics this component's API has been deprecated. For the information on how to install Compass and integrate with it please refer to the [guides](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/compass/#installation-enable-compass-in-kyma) or directly to the [GraphQL schema](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/components/director/pkg/graphql/schema.graphql). Backwards compatibility is being preserved via the introduction of [Connectivity Adapter](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/tree/master/components/connectivity-adapter). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**CAUTION:** With [Compass](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass) being the target API for the Application Connectivity topics, this component's API has been deprecated. To learn how to install Compass and integrate with it, refer to the [Compass documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/compass/#installation-enable-compass-in-kyma) or to the [Director GraphQL schema](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/components/director/pkg/graphql/schema.graphql) directly. Backward compatibility is being preserved via the introduction of [Connectivity Adapter](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/tree/master/components/connectivity-adapter). 
```
